refactor: update trivial regex capture group find and replace challenge (#37768)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/regular-expressions/use-capture-groups-to-search-and-replace.english.md

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

> Write a regex using three capture groups that will replace the string "one two three" with the string "three two one" and assign the result to the <code>replaceText</code> variable.

Reviewer: > `the result to the <code>replaceText</code> variable.` 

Shouldn't this be the `result` variable?

Author: Good catch. Fix will be up momentarily.

> Write a regex using capture groups that will search for the words <code>"one"</code>, <code>"two"</code>, and <code>"three"</code>. Then update the <code>replaceText</code> variable to replace <code>"one two three"</code> with <code>"three two one"</code>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Write a regex using capture groups that will replace the string "one two three" with the string "three two one" and assign the result to the <code>replaceText</code> variable.
```

> Write a regex <code>fixRegex</code> using three capture groups that will search for each word in the string "one two three". Then update the <code>replaceText</code> variable to replace "one two three" with the string "three two one" and assign the result to the <code>result</code> variable. Make sure you utilizing your capture groups in the replacement string using the dollar sign (<code>$</code>) syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a regex <code>fixRegex</code> using three capture groups that will search for each word in the string "one two three". Then update the <code>replaceText</code> variable to replace "one two three" with the string "three two one" and assign the result to the <code>result</code> variable. Make sure you are utilizing capture groups in the replacement string using the dollar sign (<code>$</code>) syntax.
```

tests:
  - text: You should use <code>.replace()</code> to search and replace.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.replace\(.*\)/));
  - text: Your regex should change <code>"one two three"</code> to <code>"three two one"</code>
    testString: assert(result === "three two one");
  - text: You should not change the last line.

>     testString: assert(code.match(/result\s*=\s*huhText\.replace\(.*?\)/));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    testString: assert(code.match(/result\s*=\s*str\.replace\(.*?\)/));
```

>   - text: You should use at least three capture groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - text: <fixRegex> should use at least three capture groups.
```

>     testString: assert(code.match(/fixRegex\s*=\s*\/(\(.*?\).*?){3,}\//));

Reviewer 2: The regex for your match would incorrectly pass the one test if someone used the following code.  There are only two capture groups in the following regex.
```js
let fixRegex = /(\w+)\(\w+\)(\w+)/;
```

Courtesy of [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16046620/regex-to-count-the-number-of-capturing-groups-in-a-regex), we can use the following assert:
```suggestion
    testString: assert((new RegExp(fixRegex.source + '|')).exec('').length - 1 >= 3);
```

Author: That's an interesting approach.

tests:
  - text: You should use <code>.replace()</code> to search and replace.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.replace\(.*\)/));
  - text: Your regex should change <code>"one two three"</code> to <code>"three two one"</code>
    testString: assert(result === "three two one");
  - text: You should not change the last line.
    testString: assert(code.match(/result\s*=\s*str\.replace\(.*?\)/));
  - text: <code>fixRegex</code> should use at least three capture groups.
    testString: assert((new RegExp(fixRegex.source + '|')).exec('').length - 1 >= 3);

>   - text: <code>replaceText</code> should use parenthesized submatch string(s).

Reviewer: > <code>replaceText</code> should use parenthesized submatch string(s).

If I'm new to regex, going solely by the challenge description, I have no idea what "parenthesized submatch string(s)" means. Probably should be rephrased.

Author: Any suggestions on what to rephrase it to?  I didn't come across or previously know an alternate term. If I were a new(er) student and making use of the "Read-Search-Ask" slogan that was so prominent on FCC, a google search of the phrase would produce accurate results (for multiple programming languages). If I were me and had the habit of looking up js docs on MDN, the String.prototype.replace() page has this exact wording.

I have no strong feelings about changing it to something else, I just have no idea what would be _better_. I could use some help there.

Author: An/Or I suppose we could add the preferred terminology to the description. At present it says something to the effect of "use dollar signs", but offers no terminology to concisely describe that.

Reviewer: Since you have now edited the instructions to add a little detail about the `$` syntax, perhaps this could be (re)used to simplify the terminology - 

> text: <code>replaceText</code> should use parenthesized submatch string(s) (ie. the nth parenthesized submatch string, `$n`, corresponds to the nth capture group).

The MDN docs on `.replace()` uses this terminology.

<div id='js-seed'>

```js

> let huhText = "one two three";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let str = "one two three";
```

<section id='solution'>

```js

> let huhText = "one two three";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let str = "one two three";
```
